Update ts.create.md (#1485)
RedisTimeSeries/RedisTimeSeries: docs/commands/ts.add.md

<details open><summary><code>LABELS {label value}...</code></summary> 

> is set of label-value pairs that represent metadata labels of the time series and serves as a secondary index. A value may not contain parentheses nor comma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is set of label-value pairs that represent metadata labels of the time series and serves as a secondary index. A value may neither contain parentheses nor commas.
```
